The  preacher was in  fact a thief who  had stolen the original
manuscript of Hamlet  from an  exhibit on the  Riviera, where  he
also  acquired his tan. The  preacher disguised the manuscript as
a Bible and had Longworth authenticate it for the Duke, whom  the
preacher  hoped would  buy it.  Longworth, however,  in desperate
need of money, killed the preacher with Hamlet's sword and  stole
the  manuscript.  Longworth,  who  does  not  smoke,  planted the
German-made cigarette near the  victim's body to throw  suspicion
from  himself; but  in the  process, he  accidentally dropped his
packet of aspirin.

KILLER: EARL LONGWORTH
WEAPON: SWORD
MOTIVE: MANUSCRIPT

   Sir Reginald Cosgrove, in dire need of money, concocted a plot
to collect money from his large insurance policy on Silver Patch.
Sir  Reginald painted  over the silver  patch on the  mane of his
prize horse  and painted  a silver  patch on  the mane  of  Night
Dancer,  another  of  his  horses. He  then  switched  stalls and
poisoned  Night  Dancer,  who  now  looked  like  Silver   Patch.
Realizing  that  he  would  have to  take  Oscar  Switt  into his
confidence, Sir Reginald arranged for his trainer to meet him  at
the  stables. When Switt refused to  go along with Sir Reginald's
plan to kill Night Dancer, Sir Reginald became enraged and killed
the  trainer, smashing him over the head with an ale bottle, then
stabbing him repeatedly with the  broken bottle.

KILLER: SIR REGINALD COSGROVE
WEAPON: BROKEN BOTTLE
MOTIVE: INSURANCE

 Two years after being  dishonorably discharged from the  British
military,  Donald  Hobson changed  his name  to Alfred  Cooke and
tried to  start a  new life.  Neither his  eventual employers  at
Scotland  Yard nor  his wife and  children knew the  truth of his
past. Manfred  Maloney  stumbled  onto  Cooke  and  attempted  to
blackmail  his  old  army  buddy. To  protect  his  secret, Cooke
killed Maloney with an icicle and  tried to make it appear to  be
the work of a radical political group.

KILLER: ALFRED COOKE (DONALD HOBSON)
WEAPON: ICICLE
MOTIVE: BLACKMAIL
add add add
1
2
3
4
5
6
2
2
